Update functions-service-bus-connections.md (#111472)
Azure/azure-content: includes/functions-service-bus-connections.md

### Identity-based connections

> If you are using [version 5.x or higher of the extension](/azure/azure-functions/functions-bindings-service-bus?tabs=in-process%2Cextensionv5%2Cextensionv3&pivots=programming-language-python), instead of using a connection string with a secret, you can have the app use an [Azure Active Directory identity](../articles/active-directory/fundamentals/active-directory-whatis.md). To do this, you would define settings under a common prefix which maps to the `connection` property in the trigger and binding configuration.

Reviewer: Thanks @anotherRedbeard for the help with this. Can I just get you to accept my suggestion on the specific link format?
```suggestion
If you are using [version 5.x or higher of the extension](../articles/azure-functions/functions-bindings-service-bus.md?extensionv5), instead of using a connection string with a secret, you can have the app use an [Azure Active Directory identity](../articles/active-directory/fundamentals/active-directory-whatis.md). To do this, you would define settings under a common prefix which maps to the `connection` property in the trigger and binding configuration.
```
